# Shrek, as told by a computer, bold added for emphasis:

**once upon the dragon Shrek**, i live wife she had to you gonna love. Yes? Really. You know what i have something. All of a big stupid ugly?. I'm sorry about. Look at that truly honest. Do. You did that. Hold on proully lane. By a dragon is best for getting to get burned to me, wait a long tunnel. The manly stories! Ok? As long as, didn't you can't marry Farquaad, right. Lord, yeah. Oh yes. Blue flower. We're through it, this is this at least, what's the others. Princess. It, but i don't how a time to keep of him the location. If i have a brave knights had attempted to die. A a chatterbox. She lives on. Everyone likes. Put their fluids. No. I know me off right. We have helmet hair. Princess, i know. Farewell, good idea? Look? You feel, it's ok. Thanks, i guess i'll handle Donkey. All this one likes onions. You hold on. Promise you don't have you? Yes, how did with me for. No. Wow, **shut!** then there's no ones messenger boy. Oh, which could love? Sleeves. And tell! Oh. We've got a nice? Really really. Well, don't have to stick together. It's preposterious, let go with me. Fiona, you two. I heard that you don't you can't tell me a pint, but your eye. When you and i just the dragon is officially warned up a little busy here. Ok, princess. You're not get out? Whoa, outside. I didn't i heard enough. Stairs. All, no. Well? Now, princess Fiona! I didn't invite them. **what's the winner is unwanted physical relationship**. sorry, give you talking about that sound good night?. Just keep secrets. My but Donkey. Come on me. Hey Shrek. Every night. Sit down. She waited in your face of duloc. **lord Farquaad guy say : "speak now pronounce you boneheaded Donkey.** what all over? Put me away. Oh. You've chosen princess! Never make camp is not the whole world, Shrek. **of those onion boy.** now, ok! This cage is over boiling lava. Take it, keep in and they forgive you doing in layers. I'm better off the job is just sit down? You're kind of pit', it's quite good reason. Bachelorette number one of my groom, aren't you just tell my privacy? You're a ten schillings. No death prods off the perfect kingdom of pit'. As nasty as so where you out of you know, what army, now i am lord Farquaad. Example, come in a minute. Sorry. Look. What is build a loony. Friends off, can come on here? That's throwback. You would worked out of course, actually that big enough. She called me again, look, see? Are you hear me you're coming Donkey. We've got a hideous. I do Donkey. Morning princess. That's not be named champion, who, anyway! Where are, maybe even love, bachelorette number one likes pina coladas and back there was me. I got to! Shrek. That's the squatters. Oh! This green fighting machine, not lie. That's a bad. You know. But do we get some rotten berries, that you there. I'm on me king, both of course. He'll groan into a real boy, no. Blue flower, please welcome cinderella. Knights did Fiona my groom. No. I am outside. Please, the problem, but. She's perfect bride for that, but don't feel bad, for her that stuff, fool? Shut up, really tall, is a physical contact. Princess. Do you think i've put me " thing on, man, now let's go ahead and all off. You want to do you ok. Blue flower, but you afraid. Whoa. Come visit me down. The drafting stairs. Is great and go? Really something? Well. How rude enough. Shrek. It's late tomorrow. Time out of silver for our
